hello youtube this is goody and this is
going to be another five quick tips to
make your everyday runescape life easier
remember that this series lives off the
back of you guys submitting tips so
please make sure to submit as many tips
as you can think of in the comments
section below will be given full credit
in the video and I will love you forever
and ever tip 1 if you want to make a bit
of quick cash of double XP weekend or
maybe you need resources to make pacts
you can talk to this person on the
island of jetties Oh after completing
the Fremen 'ok isles quest to buy ya
kite for only 50 gph each inventory
takes about 20 seconds to do however the
Yak tides are significantly cheaper than
they are Angie and if you want you can
sell them to G to make a bit of quick
profit tip 2 if you're going to be using
your world map for example on a clue
scroll you can rest just before you do
and while you're in your world map
you'll gain it run energy quicker tip 3
and by the way thank God that someone
told me this if you want to get to the
dig site perhaps the change prayer back
to curses or maybe you're in the middle
of a quest you can use a gnome glider to
get there very very quickly a good place
to teleport to to get to a known glider
quickly is the jewelry there's a known
glider pilot just to the west of it tip
4 if you buy food on the ground exchange
and then you don't remove the offer from
the ground exchange this means that in
any bank in RS you can right-click the
banker go to collect and then
right-click on the food and use the
collect items option this will
automatically fill up every empty
inventory space in your inventory with
unnoted items this is useful if for
example your PK and you just leave a few
hundred Rock towels in the ground
exchange you can just right-click it
collect items every time you bank tip 5
if you're training a skill that requires
you to constantly be crossing out with
your bank then make sure you summon a
magpie familiar to make you a little bit
of extra profit and you can also set the
left click option of the summoning icon
to interact this way you don't have to
click on the measly sized X in the top
right of the bank you can just click on
interact and I'll take you out of the
bank window immediately and that's all
for this week I swear to god the dig
site tip this week I am going to
sexually reward the man that submit that
because that tip is going to make my RS
life so much easier and oh my god thank
you so much killer guy 7 Jesus such a
good tip that tip has made all that this
entire series worth it for me all the
time we've put in for that single tip me
finding that out is worth it thank you
get over the top but still no no that
going to the dig site is the single most
painful thing in runescape so yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed this tip video I'm
actually doing pretty well on getting
tips for the next videos I've got quite
a few extra I was going to pile them all
into this one but with doing the two
videos of don't want to try and steady
myself put the content out a bit of a
pace I think five tips is a good number
it gives me a decently decently sized
video and yet it's a it's an easy trunk
it's an easily manageable chunks it
record for all that so I hope you guys
enjoyed it make sure to leave a like if
you did the more likes I get on this
series the more people see the video the
more tips are submitted and the more
motivates time to make this awesome
series and I'm not calling it awesome
like bragging I just love how much you
guys love it how involved you guys are
getting with submitting these tips so
yeah that's about it for this week and
thank you for watching locked in a box
with the cup mean Japan for capita you
have a capital H let me put you into
pictures you know you meant a dead of
night with my cell on Paolo natural